continue this though with hind she joins
us on the phone
from that's an area in central Gaza and
hinda I'm sure you heard their to
talking about things being upside down
tell us about particularly the struggle
for food something that residents in are
facing including people like you talk us
through what you had to do today just to
find something to
eat Sammy after uh Gaza was divided into
three areas the southern the Central and
the northern uh
areas there has been no food anywhere
like since the beginning of this war you
would find like a couple of cheese a
couple of fries you could find like
stuff it's not like as normal but you
could like drive and like search for a
couple of hours and then you'd find
something today um we were striving
since the morning since the hours in the
morning to just find anything to eat and
and unfortunately we were not able to
find anything um our colleague's mom had
a little bit of flour and it was the
only thing we can do where she made us a
little bit of bread there there's no few
gas so she had to like lift up a fower
in the garden and like start um doing it
with her own hands we had to hi her but
at the end of the day we don't have
anything to eat with the bread and this
is not only us it's
hundreds of thousands people in the Gaza
Strip right now not only in the cental
area but North and in the in the South
that are not able to bring meals for
their children I met more than people
today when we were walking around and
and searching for food people are are
like we can't we won't feed our children
today we don't have anything to we have
been searching the supermarket searching
knocking on people's doors asking them
for for anything for their children and
they did not find anything and it's it's
it's it's very catastrophic that
everyone in the goal strip is witnessing
this if you have cash have money it's
it's it's meaningless because you can't
purchase anything because there's
nothing you can buy there's no Aid
entering the go strip people were
depending on food Aid and food parel not
Distributing them anymore and the
situation is catastrophic I I remember
that last night I
slept stomach I was starving and and I I
couldn't do anything about it I have HR
for more than two weeks right now I I
only use a couple of sips of water per
day because I want to go to the bathroom
and I have no access to the bathroom
because there's no water there's no
hygiene there's no privacy there's
nothing only the safe people I'm
currently in Al AKA hospital where it's
packed with people people are glued to
each other with tents and and the
situation catastrophic we're starving
we're under like we're under blade and
and not only like the Gaza Strip we're
talking about the central area is being
located and people can't get anything in
or out of uh the Central Area because
it's it's it's mainly it mainly used to
depend on the North and the South
because they're bigger cities and have
more like vital areas and stuff the
situation is is like everyone on
journalists paramedics and we're all
striving to find food to feed ourselves
and and I think this is like starvation
that's
what so we're to see and evacuate from
earthquakes but at the end of the day
how will you try to get yourself out of
out of um starvation there's no solution
there's no and and it's very devastating
that we can't do anything about it and
time to you right now and I only one
pizza bread since the morning and I
don't know if I'll have anything else
for
today and this is how bad the situation
is hind we do hope that you as well as
other civilians will will find the
supplies they need to survive thank you
so much for that
update